=head1 NAME

diceware - simple script to generate good random passphrases
    
=head1 DESCRIPTION

diceware is a computer implementation of the real-world secure passphrase
generation system which uses dice rolls to generate randomness. This system is
described at http://world.std.com/~reinhold/diceware.html

This script uses the /dev/random device (via Crypt::Random) for true
randomness. /dev/random maintains a small pool of entropy, and once it is used
up, there may be a wait for more to build up. This means that the diceware
script may take some minutes to generate a long passphrase.

The script prints the words to STDOUT.

There are 7776 short words in the diceware list, giving 2.6 x 10^19
possibilities for a five word passphrase. In theory, this passphrase should be
easier to remember than the equivilent strength 10 random character word.

e.g. 
    ernest sol abate gx domino
v.s.
    <td&,.L[6v

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    diceware [options]

        Options: 
                --help     brief help message - default behaviour
                --man      full documentation
                --words=NN REQUIRED: number of words in the passphrase

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--help>

    Print a brief help message and exits. This mode is the default behaviour.

=item B<--man>

    Prints the manual page and exits.

=item B<--words=NN>

    REQUIRED:

    The number of words in the generated passphrase.
    For security this should be at least five, giving an entropy of at least 64.6 bits.
    Six words have 77.5 bits, seven words 90.4 bits, eight words 103 bits.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Webb L<diceware.github@d5ve.com|mailto:diceware.github@d5ve.com>

=head1 LICENSE

B<diceware> is free software. It comes without any warranty, to the extent
permitted by applicable law.

B<diceware> is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative
Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.

B<diceware> contains the wordlist from
http://world.std.com/~reinhold/diceware.wordlist.asc which is also licensed
under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License by A G Reinhold.

=cut
